Those were the eight bugs
that we are gonna fix.
The next thing is I want
to talk a little bit about
some ideas on how to design your apps for
better debug ability.
But before I move on to that,
are there any questions or
remaining things that people
are concerned about with getRANTr?
Other than, when can you sign up and
how soon can it be ready?
Any things that you wanna talk about
with how getRANTr was put together or
remaining bugs or things that might
not have been totally clear that
we wanna talk about before I move on?
Yeah.
>> Could you explain the thing you
mentioned earlier about needing to put
window dot in front of certain
variables for them to be called.
>> Yeah, so that's just a really annoying
thing that I don't entirely understand why
it needs to be there.
So let's say here, if we've just
popped this open, open console.
So the global object inside
of the browser is window.
And so you can generally access anything
on window by just calling it directly.
So for example,
window.infinity is the thing.
So rather than having to say
window.infinity all the time,
I can just say infinity.
And it's there.
Or window., I don't know,
window.backbone because
this is a Backbone app.
I can access it directly saying backbone.
But if there is a thing that
is not defined on the global,
like undef, if I just try and
call undef by itself, if I even say,
here, let's create a little function here.
If I create a little function
that tries to call if(undef),
This shouldn't work.
If I try this little function where I
check to see if some undefined global
variable is the thing, it blows up.
There's no variable that you've
ever declared called undef.
It's not there.
Because there's nothing
on window called undef.
And so
I need to tie this down to something and
say what global object to reference it on.
Why this is valid at all is because maybe
I have a variable that I declared up here
called undef that did something.
If I simply declare that variable,
this now works.
I mean, it doesn't go into the if
statement but it doesn't blow up.
Because there is something,
there is a valid variable called undef.
It's not the truthy value.
Does that make sense?
>> Yeah.
>> All right, cool.
Other things Anything online?
>> If you have like a build that bundles
up all your JS files instead of the index
with a whole list of things,
is that help a little bit to mitigate,
in case some JS fails,
at least all would fail?
>> Yes.
So if you've bundled all of your scripts,
so that you bring down scripts.js and
it's the only thing that comes down,
you've basically set yourself up for
it's either catastrophic or nothing.
I mean, it does solve a whole
set of problems, right?
But you do still need to handle for
that catastrophic use case, is what
happens if your scripts.js isn't there.
Is it a bit is a blank
white page with nothing?
Maybe your default document should have
an error message or something in it that
shows if the script hasn't loaded within
five seconds or something like that.
Even if you have that major
script file that just comes down,
you need to check for maybe a third party
that might optionally come down later.
I've used a pattern where
I have a scripts.js file,
and it's just one major app,
except if I'm on the checkout page,
then I also pull in these
other things that I need here.
And so you'll just need to be aware.
Make sure you handle the cases for
those extra assets you pull in.
Make sure you have a fallback
in case those fail.
But yeah, good question.
Yeah.
>> Could I understand that you were saying
that you could actually manually set the
cache time limit on certain JS files or
certain-
>> Yeah, you can set a cache timeout.
So there's multiple levels of caching,
right?
There's the cache that your
browser itself will do, right?
So when your browser makes a request,
before it actually even makes the request,
it checks to see inside of its
local cache that already has that
asset that's about to be request.
And if it does,
if it was instructed the last time,
then it can go ahead and reuse it.
The second level of caching
is the browser will say,
I had this file once before,
but my version has expired,
either because we maxed out the timeout or
because there was no expiry.
Here, let's actually look at
that maybe while we're talking.
So for example, here's an asset.
This is back on that trackjs website.
So we're pulling down our main JS file.
And when this thing came
down the first time,
we told the browser that it can
keep it for a really long time.
Keep this file,
you don't need to worry about it again.
So the next time,
if we disable the cache here and
we reload the page,
notice it pulled down this file again.
But the size says, from a disk cache.
The request wasn't even
made to the server.
The browser itself said, no,
I have this file, I'm good.
And I'm not gonna create
any overhead at all.
I have the asset with this name
that is within the cache timeout
that the last time I asked for it,
the header said I could keep it for.
The next level of caching
is if that header expires,
it'll still make a request.
And it can use this header right here,
this ETag header,
which is basically like a checksum that
says, hey, I'm asking for this file,
and the last time I had this file,
here was my checksum of this file.
And if the server is set up to do this,
it can say,
that file is the same one you asked for
the last time.
Just go ahead and use it, and
it'll ship down empty content.
And say, just use what you got,
man, just keep going.
That's the second level of caching.
You can have all kinds of additional
levels of caching if you have a CDN and
assets to disk and stuff there behind it.
But those are the ones we talked
about with the web itself.
So those levels of caching,
you need to think about two things when
you're setting those caching headers.
You need to think about how long
are those assets going to be viable for.
And what do you do when
you want to change them?
So if you have a single
script.js file like you did, and
you set a long cache timeout, like say,
you can keep this file for a week.
What happens when you wanna change
that file sometime during that week?
You found a critical bug and
you need to get that fix out.
But you have a whole bunch of clients that
have cached that file for a week, and
they will not get the new version until
the next time their browser requests it.
So that's where we get into kind
of another concept here called
a cache buster.
Is how do you make
the request different so
that your browser doesn't look
inside of its own cache to do it?
How I do it inside of this
particular application,
is I use a little bit of build tooling.
That when I assemble the file main.js,
I generate a hash for
the contents of that file.
I just use a short check sum and
generate the hash code for
the contents of the file.
And I append it right there
to the end of the file name.
So main-,
there's its check sum right there.
And the HTML file that references it,
references it by that name.
That's why this has a really long age.
Because that file will be cached,
will never, ever, ever, ever change.
Because when I have a bug and
I need to fix it,
and I hit a new build,
the name of the file itself changes, and
the name of how it is referenced in
the index.html document changes.
So lots of different other strategies
on how to do cache busting.
There's lots of literature on how
you do it and have lots of opinions.
Some people like changing the name,
some people like adding query strings.
There's pros and cons to all of them.
You can look into lots of
options on how to do it.
>> Thanks.
>> Yeah.